Version 2.0.0
=============

New features:
-------------

- **BIG CHANGE**: if your build system is `CMake` the plugin will generate a
  compilation database and then a file `.clang_complete` near an appropriate
  `CMakeLists.txt` with the flags needed for your project. It will regenerate
  this file if you change anything in `CMakeLists.txt`. The process should be
  completely automatic, but this behavior is still in beta. You can always
  disable it either from settings or when prompted via a dialog.
- Lots of small improvements and bug fixes.
- fix regression in loading relative paths from `.clang_complete` file.
- support libclang with clang-3.8 on Ubuntu 16.04 with error linting and
  completions
- initial support for libclang with clang-3.9
- fix completions of arrays shown wrongly with binary comletion mode
- thanks to @rchl:
    + fix hiding default completions when plugin completions were not generated
    + fix completions not working on active view after starting Sublime Text
- fix for usage with OS X El Captain
- since Sublime Text version 3123 libclang method should work on Windows with
  clang-3.9. Check it out!
- when using libclang translation units are cleared based on timer to avoid
  taking all your memory in case you have many tabs open.
- thanks to @rchl you don't need to restart Sublime Text in case you changed
  any settings.
- thanks to @Mischa-Alff std flags are not separated anymore and the popup
  words don't break after every word on some systems
- detection of cmake projects is now case insensitive as should be
- NO MORE `include_dirs`, `std_flag_c`, `std_flag_cpp` SETTINGS!
    + use `common_flags`, `c_flags` and `cpp_flags` instead
    + to specify include paths, use `-I<include_path>` in `common_flags`
    + specify `-std=*` flags in `c_flags` and/or `cpp_flags`
    + see updated default settings for an example
- `libclang` way should be working on Windows with `clang` version >= 3.9
- override any plugin setting from project-specific settings
- completions can be triggered from any place (e.g. in the middle of words)
  with default sublime auto completion keyboard shortcut
- completions will not be shown if you continue on typing for those rare slow
  completion requests.
- new wildcard for `common_flags`: `$clang_version`. Allows for generic include
  folder for any version of clang
- fixed a bunch of crashes and deadlocks, improved overall concurrency support
- overall code base improvements and many-many bug fixes
