Version 4.0.0
=============

New features:
-------------

Version 3.0.1:
- Use '~' in every path variable in settings to mark your user home directory.
Version 3.0.2:
- Fix some flags being split against their will, issue #161.
- We now handle separable flags and take care of not splitting them.
Version 3.0.3:
- Fix regression in completion of class names on `::`, issue 164
Version 3.0.4:
- Fix issue with relative paths in compilation databases. Issue #167
Version 3.1.0:
- Use `Makefile.cmake` file to detect if cmake needs to be rerun.
- Add quick command to clean cmake build directory for current view:
    + Name of command: `EasyClangComplete: Clean current CMake cache`
- Add support for flags passing to cmake:
    + A new subsetting `"flags"` under cmake entry in `"flags_sources"`.
    + See default settings for info.
- fix `$project_name` variable in settings.
- completion triggers settings are much better now.
- fix indentation for example project-specific settings.
Version 3.1.1:
- fix wrong completion representation for variadic templates when
  `use_libclang` is `false`.
Version 3.2.0:
- added support for environmental variables in settings.
- fix `plugin_host` failing when renaming an opened file. Thanks @simia and
  @silva6 for reporting and help in fixing this.
- fix for not finding `libclang` when using MSYS2 on Windows. Thanks @DJViolin
  for help.
- better error handling overall.
Version 3.3.0:
- @simia added function and variable definition popup on mouse hover.
- Just hover your mouse over a function to see its signature + short comments
  if present. Only works with when `use_libclang` = "true".
Version 3.3.1:
- Version 3.3.0 introduced a crash for those who don't use libclang.
- This update fixes the issue
- Core organization improvements
Version 3.3.2:
- Make every action of the plugin use a custom thread pool. Before some parts
  would use the sublime text internal worker thread. Now everything spawns a
  separate thread from a pool. Please report if you see regressions.
- Fix blocking other plugins when running long cmake operation.
Version 3.3.3:
- hide `#pragme once in main file` warning
- thanks to @cpagravel we now find a better libclang library in Linux
- allow using clang 4.0
- allow using apple-clang 8.1 and 8.2
- better error message when using unsupported apple-clang version
Version 3.3.4:
- fix regression for apple-clang 8.0.0, issue #217
Version 3.4.0:
- add progress indicator to show that the plugin is working
- fix losing translation unit on file save. This reduces processing time when
  the file is saved by more than 2x. You should feel a speedup! 🏃💨
- install message is now written in reStructuredText and not in Markdown.
  This message too.
Version 3.4.1
- add "ready" status message
- set ECC status message to appear on the left
- catch a rare crash when removing progress animation thread
Version 3.4.2
- fix progress animation thread breaking sublime text
Version 3.5.0
- fix bug in clang 4.0 python bindings so you can use it now 🍾🎉🎉🎉🍾.
- progress indicator is now neater and smaller and will not be shown for the
  files that this plugin does not run on.
- introduced an optional new setting: ``libclang_path``.
  - you don't need this if everything is working for you already.
  - otherwise, if you know where your libclang library lies, you can set it.
Version 3.5.1
- new setting: ``progress_style`` allows user to pick progress style from:
  - "ColorSublime"
  - "Moon"
Version 3.5.2
- ``use_libclang_caching`` - now you can decide if you want to use libclang
  caching. Using cache is a lot faster, but can produce wrong completions in
  rare cases. See issue #228 on GitHub for discussions.
- Thanks @simia for a pull request on this! 👍
Version 3.5.3
- Fix a bug with clang 4.0 on Windows. You can use it now!
- Since clang 4.0 STL headers should be found out of the box on Windows.
Version 3.5.4
- Last bugfix release broke compatibility with older clang versions on
  Windows. This is fixed here.
Version 3.5.5
- Hovering over declaration shows type information (also "auto")
- There should be no need to restart the plugin upon update anymore
Version 3.5.6
- Better style of info popup.
- Full Doxygen comment is shown alongside short one now.
- Errors and warnings now have colored popup with better style.
Version 4.0.0
- **BREAKING CHANGE**:
  - New setting        : "errors_style".
  - Deprecated setting : "errors_on_save"
- The new setting "error_style" allows for a choice between popups and
  phantoms to show the compilation errors. See settings for more info.
- Support for Objective C and Objective C++ (only tested on OSX)
- Seems that the plugin is fast enough, so we have added " " (space) as a
  trigger for completion.
- Doxygen comment parsing has gotten slightly better.
