Version 4.0.1
=============

Fixes and improvements:
-------------
- fixed an issue when completions were not shown in if statements by adding
  '[' and '(' to valid completion triggers.
- @darwinyip has added tab as a trigger for those who indent with tabs

Version 4.0.2
=============

Fixes and improvements:
-------------
- better parsing of ``compilation_database.json``
- now also databases generated with Bear are supported.
- tooltips now also show information about macro declaration.
- better parsing of Doxygen comments for tooltips. Now also works without an
  explicit brief tag.

Version 4.0.3
=============

Fixes and improvements:
-------------
- the settings are loaded lazily now, which guarantees that they always will
  be valid in case they get invalidated or not fully loaded (e.g. while the
  plugin is loading for the first time).
- clean install of the plugin and updates should work properly without
  restarting sublime text now.
- disabling/enabling the plugin should not crash it anymore.
- on some systems, libclang reported the file name as encoded string which
  resulted in unnecessary re-parsing of the translation unit. This is fixed
  now.

Version 4.0.4
=============

Fixes and improvements:
-------------
- allow disabling status animation
- remove annoying error for invalid views from the console output
- allow people to use new clang 5.0 if they really feel they want to.
  (*WARNING*: please use clang 4.0 until clang 5.0 is officially out)

Version 4.0.5
=============

Fixes and improvements:
-------------
- a change to any ``*.sublime-ptoject`` file now leads to a reload of settings
- this allows quick editing of settings without reloading the plugin

Version 4.1.0
=============

Fixes and improvements:
-------------
- removed a couple of threads related memoty leaks
- change debug and info logging style
- disambiguate between apple clang and general clang (@rwols)
- allow using all variables of sublime's window in settings (@rwols)
- fix disappearing param tag in Doxygen comments (@papadokolos)

Version 4.1.1
=============

Urgent bug fix:
---------------
- allowing all sublime variables in plugin settings broke proper variable
  expansion. Revert this commit.

Version 4.1.2
=============

Improvement:
---------------
- Allow using C++ (Colorcode) syntax with this plugin.

Version 4.2.0
=============

New features and fixes:
-----------------------
- Add ``*`` symbol that can be put at the end of each path.
  - It expands the path to all its children:

      <path>/* --> [<path>/folder_1, <path>/folder_2, ...]

- Allow using this plugin with Apple Clang 9.0
- Minor bug fixes and stability improvements

Version 4.2.1
=============

Bug fixes and improvements:
---------------------------
- Fix accidentally broken variable expansion in settings.
- Allow using all variables defined in sublime text.

Version 4.2.2
=============

Bug fixes and improvements:
---------------------------
- Allow using with recently released clang 5.0.
- Add fallback option to use clang 6.0 for those on the bleeding edge.
- Fix not reading ``directory`` in the compilation database. Thanks @tillt.

Version 4.2.3
=============

Bug fixes and improvements:
---------------------------
- Minor fixes to the new clang 5.0 bindings.

Version 4.2.4
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Allow peeking full macro definition, thanks @dibalavs.
- Remove lag when selecting text.

Version 4.2.5
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Goto declaration with Shift + F12, thanks @dibalavs
- Allow using read-only CMakeLists.txt files, thanks @mrockey28
- Allow non-unicode symbols in info msg, thanks @kjteske
- Allow using cusom cmake binary

Version 4.2.6
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Fix a bug in settings introduced in last release.

Version 4.2.7
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Add gutter icon with two styles, thanks @detly
- Show full type declaration on mouse hover, thanks @dibalavs


Version 4.3.0
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- There was a delay when browsing files with Ctrl+P. Fixed now.
- Async jobs are properly cancelled now when needed.
- Better cleanup of old TUs.
- New setting "header_to_source_mapping" to better handle header files inside of
  a compilation database. Thanks @mhoeher.
- Press Ctrl+Shift+E when seeing errors in a file to show a list of them.

Version 5.0.0
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Implement clever headers location lookup, thanks @mhoeher for the PR
- Support VS config files, thanks @mclayton7 for the PR
- Move the popups to use mdpopups to have them in a consistent style
- Remove use of phantoms
- Fix a bug with duplicating the cache, thanks @braindevices for reporting
- Fix a bug where types in global namespace could not be completed

Settings deprecation:
---------------------
- "errors_style" -> "show_errors" as we do not support phantoms any more

New settings:
-------------
- "header_to_source_mapping": a mapping of where to search for source files that
  correspond to a header. This is useful when using a compilation database as it
  does not contain header files, but the correct compilation parameters can be
  read from a corresponding source file
- "use_target_compiler_built_in_flags": defines if we use the built in includes
  that come along with the compiler
- "target_LANGUAGE_compiler": define the target compiler of your toolchain here
- Check for more details in the default settings file
