Version 5.0.1
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Info popup also shows links to argument types, thanks @kjteske
- Show ERROR/WARNING prefix when showing all errors
- Fix the margin around the new popups
- Fix reloading the plugin

Version 5.0.2
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Fix errors opening files with unicode characters, thanks @kjteske
- Allow using the plugin with cuda-c++ syntax
- Allow using with Apple Clang 9.1 (XCode 9.3)
- Override default std flag with one generated from flags source if needed

Version 5.0.4
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Escape declaration text for markdown popups, thanks @mheinzler
- Remove indentation when showing the body of a type, thanks @mheinzler
- Show parameters for more kinds of functions, thanks @mheinzler
- Fix parsing unsaved files using old libclang, thanks @mhoeher
- Hide popups on movin mouse away, thanks @papadokolos
- Log error with std flags instead of bugging the user

Version 5.0.5
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Escape errors and warnings for markdown popups, thanks @mheinzler
- Fix wrong size used by libclang with multi-byte chars, thanks @mheinzler
- Better Objective-C popups, thanks @kjteske
- Map Apple clang 7.0 to LLVM clang 3.8

Version 5.0.6
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Fix issues with having spaces in paths to clang, libclang etc.
- Fix seldomly occurring error at plugin startup
- Better objective C info popups, thanks @kjteske
- Allow using plugin with deviot syntax

Version 5.1.0
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Fix detection of Apple clang 10.
- Fix wrong parsing of -std flags.
- Add a Makefile as a flag source, thanks @martinwilli.
- Fix ObjC popups with NSArray types, thanks @kjteske

Version 5.2.0
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- New setting "ignore_list" to disable the plugin for specific files/folders.
- New setting "valid_lang_syntaxes" that holds a dict of valid syntaxes. This
  makes them user configurable.
- Improve popups for templated C++ types, thanks @kjteske
- DEPRECATION: syntaxes "C++ (Colorcoded)", "cuda-c++", "deviot" have been
  removed. Use the "valid_lang_syntaxes" setting to add them back if you use
  them.
- DEPRECATION: language specific flags are now under new setting: "lang_flags".
- DEPRECATION: remove the keybinding for showing all errors, but still leaving
  the quick access command. This is needed to avoid clashing with other key
  bindings on macOS. Please add it back to your user settings if needed.

Version 5.2.1
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Add dot linting symbol for errors and warnings. Thanks @schreda!
- Fix not expanding environmental variables. Thanks @mjendruk!
- Remove annoying false error message introduced in last release.

Version 5.2.2
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Fix detecting clang 7.0

Version 5.3.0
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
Fellow roboticists, your catkin projects now can be automatically configured!

If you're using sublime projects for your catkin projects you no longer need to
manually configure the settings. These settings should now be automatically
generated based on your workspace and the available ROS version on your system.
Sorry, but Linux only for now. If you want this functionality on other systems -
feel free to contribute!

Version 5.3.1
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- fix an issue when CMakeLists.txt would not be found because of a space in the
  project definition line, thanks @berteauxjb for finding this bug!

Version 5.3.2
=============

Documentation website ready!
----------------------------
The documentation website is live: https://niosus.github.io/EasyClangComplete/

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Set `use_target_compiler_built_in_flags` to "false" by default as it sometimes
  causes issues that are hard to debug on relatively simple configurations. I
  believe this should stay as a feature for advanced users that know what they
  are doing.
- Add support for upcoming clang 8.0.

Version 5.3.3
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Fix skipping CMakeLists.txt file with "project (...)"
- Fix checking the wrong completion trigger

Version 5.4.0
=============

New functionality:
------------------
- Additional way that helps getting correct includes. New setting
  "use_default_includes" is responsible for that. Read more here:
  https://niosus.github.io/EasyClangComplete/settings/#use_default_includes
- You can now complete includes by pressing the completion trigger after typing
  "#include <" and it will show a list of possible includes

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Path variables in "flags" in "flags_sources" are now properly expanded

Version 5.5.0
=============

Improvements and fixes:
-----------------------
- Add a way to configure maximum popup window size, thanks @detly
- Add correct parsing of all template types in info popup
- Clarify the docs on the need to have clang and cmake binaries in PATH

Version 5.6.0
=============

Deprecated settings:
--------------------
- `use_target_compiler_built_in_flags` removed
- `target_<xxx>_compiler` replaced by `target_compilers` setting

Improvements and fixes:
-----------------------
- New setting: `target_compilers` that replaces old `target_<xxx>_compiler` to
  streamline flag configuration
- New setting: `show_index_references` set by default to `true` used to enable
  showing symbol references when showing an info popup
- Add suffix used on Fedora to search for libclang, thanks @KingKili
- [dev] Add a test to ensure that all settings are covered in the documentation

Version 5.6.1
=============

Merry Christmas!
----------------

Improvements and fixes:
-----------------------
- Further fix to ensure we can find libclang on Fedora, thanks @KingKili
- Fix behavior when user provided "libclang_path" is a folder
- Improve documentation on the usage of libclang

Version 5.6.2
=============

Improvements and fixes:
-----------------------
- Make plugin work with clang 7.1

Version 6.0.0
=============

Improvements and fixes:
-----------------------
- Make glob wildcard expansion available for all paths in settings instead of
  home-grown star expansion
- Fix parsing errors that would sometimes eat part of the error message
- Only hide default completions when we have something to show instead
- By default force unix-type includes to make include auto-completion more
  usable. The new setting to control this: "force_unix_includes"

Deprecated settings:
--------------------
I have removed some old settings which break more things than they add.
- "include_file_folder"
- "include_file_parent_folder"

If you rely on this behavior, you can update your "common_flags" with:
-  "-I$file_path"
-  "-I$file_path/.."
This will have exactly the same effect

To be deprecated wildcard:
--------------------------
I will soon deprecate the "$project_base_path" variable. It does the same as the
Sublime Text standard "$project_path" but is longer and is not standard.


Support the development!
------------------------
💜 this plugin? Please consider buying me a 🍵
https://github.com/niosus/EasyClangComplete#support-it

Thanks to all the awesome contributors!
If you add bounties to Bountysource you can support them too!
https://www.bountysource.com/teams/easyclangcomplete

Become a backer on Open Collective!
https://opencollective.com/EasyClangComplete#backers

I you use this plugin in a company, push to become a sponsor!
https://opencollective.com/EasyClangComplete#sponsor

This plugin took a significant amount of effort. It is available and will always
be available for free, both as freedom and as beer.

If you appreciate it - support it. How much would you say it is worth to you?
