Version 6.4.5
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Add `-target` as a separable flag, thanks @papadokolos
- Fix a bug in parsing flags with =, thanks @papadokolos
- Parse non-posix compilation dbs on non-posix systems, thanks @papadokolos
- Update docs about `$project_base_path`, thanks @dot4qu
- Fix missing enum completions

Hey! It's been a while!
-----------------------
There has not been updates for a while and I think it is good. The plugin still
gets installed often but there is really not that many issues being opened. I
understand, however, that not everyone will open an issue if something does not
work.

At this point, I would like to ask you to take action:
- If something does not work - please open an issue! It will force me to go
back to work on this.
- If everything has been working without much updates: consider supporting this
development. Sending some money my way is always welcome, but if you don't have
any to spare - shoot me an email (or open an issue) and tell about how you use
the plugin.

At this point, with >35K downloads I feel a bit discouraged by the lack of
feedback and it is hard to put in work on issues that I don't personally
experience after a full day of work. If you appreciate this effort, do show
your support.

GitHub Sponsors is the preferred way to support the development
https://github.com/sponsors/niosus

Alternatively, become a backer on Open Collective!
https://opencollective.com/EasyClangComplete#backers

If you use this plugin in a company, push to become a sponsor!
https://opencollective.com/EasyClangComplete#sponsor

For more info head here:
https://github.com/niosus/EasyClangComplete#support-it
